c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\CustomRectangle.exe.config
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\CustomRectangle.exe
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\CustomRectangle.pdb
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle.g.resources
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle.exe
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle.pdb
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\zyang_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\zyang_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\CustomRectangle.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zyang_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\bin\Debug\CustomRectangle.application
C:\Users\zyang_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zyang_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CustomRectangle\CustomRectangle\obj\Debug\CustomRectangle.application
